Fix broken links / anchors in docs (#26151)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-jwt.adoc

<2> The `upn` claim is defined by the {mp-jwt} spec as preferred claim to use for the
`Principal` seen via the container security APIs.
<3> The `group` claim provides the groups and top-level roles associated with the JWT bearer.

> <4> The `birthday` claim. It can be considered to be a sensitive claim so you may want to consider encrypting the claims, see https://smallrye.io/docs/smallrye-jwt/generate-jwt.html[Generate JWT tokens with SmallRye JWT].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> The `birthday` claim. It can be considered to be a sensitive claim so you may want to consider encrypting the claims, see xref:security-jwt-build.adoc[Generate JWT tokens with SmallRye JWT].
```

If either `mp.jwt.verify.publickey` or `mp.jwt.verify.publickey.location` verification properties are also set then the incoming token is expected to contain
the encrypted inner-signed token.

> See https://smallrye.io/docs/smallrye-jwt/generate-jwt.html[Generate JWT tokens with SmallRye JWT] and learn how to generate the encrypted or inner-signed and then encrypted tokens fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See xref:security-jwt-build.adoc[Generate JWT tokens with SmallRye JWT] and learn how to generate the encrypted or inner-signed and then encrypted tokens fast.
```

Author: Done.
